Addressing issue 11 (#20)
Green-Software-Foundation/training: docs/practitioner/energy-efficiency.md

### Power usage effectiveness

> The data center industry uses the [power usage effectiveness](https://www.thegreengrid.org/en/resources/library-and-tools/237-PUE%3A-A-Comprehensive-Examination-of-the-Metric) (PUE) metric, developed by Green Grid in 2006, to **measure data center energy efficiency**. Specifically, this relates to how much energy the computing equipment uses as compared to cooling and other overheads supporting the equipment. When a data center's PUE is close to 1.0, computing is using nearly all energy. When the PUE is 2.0, this means an additional watt of IT power is required to cool and distribute power to the IT equipment for every watt of IT power it uses. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The data center industry uses the [power usage effectiveness](https://datacenters.lbl.gov/sites/default/files/WP49-PUE%20A%20Comprehensive%20Examination%20of%20the%20Metric_v6.pdf) (PUE) metric, developed by Green Grid in 2006, to **measure data center energy efficiency**. Specifically, this relates to how much energy the computing equipment uses as compared to cooling and other overheads supporting the equipment. When a data center's PUE is close to 1.0, computing is using nearly all energy. When the PUE is 2.0, this means an additional watt of IT power is required to cool and distribute power to the IT equipment for every watt of IT power it uses. 
```

Reviewer: Adding a publicly available version of the PUE paper
